In this section, you have seen that virtual memory is divided into six sections.
As a programmer, you can use four of these with
stack and heap being the most important ones.
Now, the major differences between stack and heap can be summarized as follows.
The stack should be the default choice for memory allocations.
Access is usually faster because its management is done by the operating system,
and this is done much easier than with a heap.
Also, you don't have to concern yourselves with de-allocations at all,
his is done for you.
The problem with a stack is its limited size and also in some cases
its limited flexibility with regard to de-allocations,
at the point in time which you want to.
You have to wait until the scope is left before a variable is de-allocated,
and the heap gives you much more flexibility here.
Also, it is much larger than the stack and thus well-suited for larger data structures,
as images, as videos, for example.
However, you need to carefully manage it,
otherwise there will be trouble in the form of
memory leaks or dangling pointers as we will soon see.
Now, let's move forward to the next section which is about
automatic memory management on the stack.